Add logging topic (#49)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/amazon-sales-channel/best-practices/logging-troubleshooting.md

When building and troubleshooting your application, it is important to understand the differences between events and runtime actions. These concepts are often interrelated, with events triggering runtime actions, but the actual functionality and logging capabilities are separate entities. Best practice is to determine whether the event delivery was successful, and then investigate any resulting runtime actions.

### Set the log level

You can configure the log level per action in your `ext.config.yml` or `app.config.yml` file, as follows:

```yaml
<action_name>:
  inputs:
    LOG_LEVEL: <error|warn|info|verbose|debug|silly>
```

### View logs

To view logs in real time, run the following command:

```bash
aio rt logs --tail
```

```terminal
283976-asctestamina-stage/amazon-app/scheduled-amazon-sync-products:e7e5281de72049d3a5281de720c9d3c7
2023-07-18T10:27:05.585Z       stdout: 2023-07-18T10:27:05.585Z [main /283976-asctestamina-stage/amazon-app/scheduled-amazon-sync-products] info: {"message":"Start retrieving Amazon product updates","params":{}}
```

> Sometimes logs do not appear, like web action logs or small random hiccups. In such a case, you can use the activation ID to get specific logs for that action.

Reviewer: Hi Kevin, looking good, can we add something like this? 

When an action is invoked, it produces an activation record that contains information about this invocation, including activationId , logs , statusCode , and more. You can find [a full list of the properties of activation here](https://github.com/apache/openwhisk/blob/master/docs/actions.md#understanding-the-activation-record). By default, activations have a 7-day TTL. Activation IDs are an excellent resource to key on for debugging internally and should be provided in the description of support issues around runtime actions.

### Debugging actions locally with Docker

The [Debugging App Builder Apps](https://developer.adobe.com/app-builder/docs/resources/debugging/) codelab describes the debugging process in detail. As you work through that codelab, keep in mind that `aio app run --local` command to run actions in the local container is not supported in NodeJS 18.

To perform [advanced debugging](https://developer.adobe.com/runtime/docs/guides/using/debugging/) for `node.js` actions, use the `wskdebug` command to forward actions from the OpenWhisk system to a local container. Based on testing conducted with various versions of both packages and two different versions of Node.js, the following information outlines the current support status:

```bash
wskdebug --inspect-brk=11932 <action_name> <path_action_name.js> -l -v
```

* `@adobe/wskdebug 1.1.3` &#9989;
* `@openwhisk/wskdebug 1.2.0` &#9989;
* `@openwhisk/wskdebug 1.3.0` &#10060;
* `@openwhisk/wskdebug 1.4.0` &#10060;

> The error return from the last two versions is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The error returned from the last two versions is:
```

`FetchError: request to http://0.0.0.0:53362/init failed, reason: connect ECONNREFUSED 0.0.0.0:53362`

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

If you encounter any issues, check the `openwhisk` local log file (`openwhisk-local.log.txt`), which should be inside the `dist` folder in your project.

### Limitations and known issues

> * You can not use `wskdebug` to debug your actions if you are using `aio-lib-state` or `aio-lib-files`. See [common issues](https://developer.adobe.com/app-builder/docs/getting_started/common_troubleshooting/#debugging-errors-with-state-and-files-sdk)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You cannot use `wskdebug` to debug your actions if you are using `aio-lib-state` or `aio-lib-files`. See [common issues](https://developer.adobe.com/app-builder/docs/getting_started/common_troubleshooting/#debugging-errors-with-state-and-files-sdk).
```

> * Breakpoints might not pausie when debugging an action.  [Troubleshoot Asset Compute extensibility](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-learn/cloud-service/asset-compute/troubleshooting.html?lang=en#debug) provides more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Breakpoints might not pause when debugging an action. [Troubleshoot Asset Compute extensibility](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-learn/cloud-service/asset-compute/troubleshooting.html?lang=en#debug) provides more information.
```

  * The limits/timeout configured in your `app.config.yml` file are higher than 300000 ms. Setting the value too high causes the following error:
  
    ```text
    ›   Error: PUT http://localhost:3233/api/v1/namespaces/guest/actions/amazon-app/scheduled-amazon-sync-products Returned HTTP 400 (Bad Request) --> "The request content was malformed:
    ›   requirement failed: duration 400000 milliseconds exceeds allowed threshold of 300000 milliseconds"
    ```

  * You have a dependency on the `lib-state` storage library, which causes the following error:

    ```text
    "code": "ERROR_BAD_ARGUMENT",
    "message": "[TvmLib:ERROR_BAD_ARGUMENT] ow.auth" is required"
    "stacktrace": "TvmLibError: [TvmLib:ERROR_BAD_ARGUMENT] "ow.auth" is required
    ```

  * You have triggers (scheduled runtime actions) configured. This will show the following error:

    ```text
    Error: POST http://localhost:3233/api/v1/namespaces/whisk.system/actions/alarms/interval Returned HTTP 403 (Forbidden) --> "The supplied authentication is not authorized to access 'whisk.system/alarms'."
    ```

### Timeout issues

> Based on the development team's experience developing Amazon Sales Channel, a 503 error may occur when an action exceeds its allotted time. However, this error message may not always provide sufficient information, especially when the action is invoked from a React UI. In such cases, it is recommended to investigate further using the activation ID to gain more insights. If the result obtained from activation ID indicates a timeout error, it will typically display a message such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on the development team's experience developing Amazon Sales Channel app, a 503 error may occur when an action exceeds its allotted time. However, this error message may not always provide sufficient information, especially when the action is invoked from a React UI. In such cases, it is recommended to investigate further using the activation ID to gain more insights. If the result obtained from activation ID indicates a timeout error, it will typically display a message such as:
```

```json
{
  "error": "The action exceeded its time limits of 60000 milliseconds."
}
```

In such instances, investigate the root cause of the timeout error, which could potentially be due to a slow response from an external API. If so, you might consider reviewing the specific API call that is taking excessive time. Additionally, adjusting the timeout duration for your action may be a solution. Note that the maximum allowable timeout for a blocking action is set at 60 seconds.

## Additional tips

> * When a new log forwarding configuration is set to an existing destination, it overwrites the previous configuration but does not remove any logs previously sent there. When the destination of the logs is changed (for example from Splunk back to to Adobe I/O Runtime), logs previously sent to Splunk are not removed. And when setting forwarding back to Splunk once again, the previous logs are not reset or removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When a new log forwarding configuration is set to an existing destination, it overwrites the previous configuration but does not remove any logs previously sent there. When the destination of the logs is changed (for example from Splunk back to Adobe I/O Runtime), logs previously sent to Splunk are not removed. And when setting forwarding back to Splunk once again, the previous logs are not reset or removed.
```

* Once you start forwarding logs to Splunk HEC, running the `aio rt logs` command will return the following warning:

  `Namespace is configured with custom log forwarding destination: 'splunk_hec'. Please use corresponding logging platform to view logs`

> * If you receive the `Too many debug requests in the last minute` error, consider disabling the `'X-OW-EXTRA-LOGGING': 'on'` header in your runtime action. This setting activates throttling to your App Builder application, and some requests will be denied. Use log-forwarding to reduce the number of messages being logged instead.

Reviewer: Can we add an additional section for more resources? 

Join the #app-builder-community slack channel in the Commerce Engineering [Slack workspace](magentocommeng.slack.com) to ask questions directly to teams and partners working with App Builder.

Check [Common Troubleshooting](https://developer.adobe.com/app-builder/docs/getting_started/common_troubleshooting/) documentation for the latest updates.

Author: Added the links to the overview topic

> * If you receive the `Too many debug requests in the last minute` error, consider disabling the `'X-OW-EXTRA-LOGGING': 'on'` header in your runtime action. This setting activates throttling to your App Builder application, and some of the requests will be denied. Use log-forwarding to or reduce the number of messages being logged instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you receive the `Too many debug requests in the last minute` error, consider disabling the `'X-OW-EXTRA-LOGGING': 'on'` header in your runtime action. This setting activates throttling to your App Builder application, and some requests will be denied. Use log-forwarding to reduce the number of messages being logged instead.
```
